Phishing_Input_groups (#30887)
demisto/content: Packs/Phishing/ReleaseNotes/3_6_1.md

#### Playbooks

##### Phishing - Generic v3

> ##### New: Phishing Input Grouping
> 
> - Added new Playbook Input Groups the input groups provides new way to organize playbook inputs into related categories which simplify the playbook input visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added playbook input sections to organize the inputs into related categories, which simplifies the playbook input visibility.
```
